------ This is the README for CCi-Mobile Version 2.2c -----

Folder: 'Demo'
This folder displays a GUI to visualize audio signal and processed 
stimuli (electrode stimulation profile) in realtime. The demo 
application RealtimeStimulator.m is for demonstration purposes only. 
The acoustic signal is acquired bilaterally (i.e., for both ears) and 
is passed to ACE_Processing_Realtime.m for subsequent processing. 
Incoming acoustic signal as well as resulting electrode activation 
profile can be visualized on the GUI. It is strongly advised not to 
use this application for any human testing because graphics may 
impact the real-time performance.

HOW TO RUN THE DEMO APPLICATION
   Start by running RealtimeStimulator.m. You will be prompted to 
   select a MAP file. Sample MAP files are provided in the MAPs 
   folder under CCIMobile/MAPs/ 
   Select a map file for your subject and a GUI will appear.
   Press the start button to start processing/streaming data. 
   Speak close to the BTE for a visual demonstration of the 
   incoming acoustic signal and resulting electrode activation profile. 
   Sliders can be used to change sensitivity levels of microphones, 
   gain, and volume levels. 
   Press the stop button to finish.

   LIST OF ITEMS in 'Demo'
   'initialize_ACE_integer_ppf.m'
	Description: This initialization is different than the 
	initilization used for the offline processing. This ensures
	that integer values for pulses per frame to avoid losing
	data bytes (samples of audio). 

   'ACE_Processing_Realtime.m'
	Description: This program is a real-time version of ACE. 

   'interface.jpg'
	Description: This is the image used in the GUI.

   'RealtimeStimulator.fig'
	Description: This GUI was built using the guide function of
	MATLAB. Please do no edit this file as this is a DEMO ONLY
	folder.

   'RealtimeStimulator.m'
	Description: This function controls and executes the real-time
	ACE processing in order to display the corresponding stimuli
	to the GUI. Please do not edit this file as this is a DEMO 
	ONLY folder. 
